Import JWKS from URL on JWT policy (#3347)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/configuration/policy-resource.md

```
In this example the Ingress Controller will use the configuration from the first policy reference `basic-auth-policy-one`, and ignores `basic-auth-policy-two`.

> ### JWT using local Kubernates secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### JWT Using Local Kubernetes Secret
```

Fixes typo, adds proper title capitalisation.

### JWT Using JWKS From Remote Location

> Note: This feature is only available in NGINX Plus.

The JWT policy configures NGINX Plus to authenticate client requests using JSON Web Tokens, allowing import of the keys (JWKS) for JWT policy by means of a URL (for a remote server or an identity provider) as a result they don't have to be copied and updated to the IC pod.

The following example policy will reject all requests that do not include a valid JWT in the HTTP header fetched from the identity provider:
```yaml
jwt:
  realm: MyProductAPI
  token: $http_token
  jwksURI: <uri_to_remote_server_or_idp>
  keyCache: 1h
```

> Note: This feature is implemented using the NGINX Plus directive [auth_jwt_key_request](http://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_auth_jwt_module.html#auth_jwt_key_request) under [ngx_http_auth_jwt_module](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_auth_jwt_module.html).

{{% table %}}
|Field | Description | Type | Required |
| ---| ---| ---| --- |
|``jwksURI`` | The remote URI where the request will be sent to retrieve JSON Web Key set| ``string`` | Yes |

> |``keyCache`` | Enables the caching of keys that are obtained from the ``jwksURI`` and sets a valid time for expiration | ``string`` | Yes |

Reviewer 2: IMHO `keyCache` is a little bit confusing, it's not really clear what it's for from just the name. I understand that the underlying nginx directive is `auth_jwt_key_cache` but since we usually abstract from that maybe we can use a better name? Even the plural `keysCache` I think would be better, since it's not only one key...

|``realm`` | The realm of the JWT. | ``string`` | Yes |
|``token`` | The token specifies a variable that contains the JSON Web Token. By default the JWT is passed in the ``Authorization`` header as a Bearer Token. JWT may be also passed as a cookie or a part of a query string, for example: ``$cookie_auth_token``. Accepted variables are ``$http_``, ``$arg_``, ``$cookie_``. | ``string`` | No |
{{% /table %}}

#### JWT Merging Behavior

> This behaviour is similar to using a local Kubernetes secret where a VirtualServer/VirtualServerRoute can reference multiple JWT policies. However, only one can be applied: every subsequent reference will be ignored. For example, here we reference two policies:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This behavior is similar to using a local Kubernetes secret where a VirtualServer/VirtualServerRoute can reference multiple JWT policies. However, only one can be applied: every subsequent reference will be ignored. For example, here we reference two policies:
```

I think we use the American spelling in the docs

```
In this example the Ingress Controller will use the configuration from the first policy reference `jwt-policy-one`, and ignores `jwt-policy-two`.

> ### JWT using JWKS from remote location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### JWT Using JWKS From Remote Location
```
Noun capitalisation for section title.

> Note: This feature is only available in NGINX Plus.

> The JWT policy configures NGINX Plus to authenticate client requests using JSON Web Tokens, this particular method allows import of the keys (JWKS) for JWT policy by means of a URL (for a remote server or an identity provider) so they don't have to be copied and updated to the IC pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JWT policy configures NGINX Plus to authenticate client requests using JSON Web Tokens, which allows import of the keys (JWKS) for JWT policy by means of a URL (For a remote server or an identity provider) so they don't have to 
```

> The JWT policy configures NGINX Plus to authenticate client requests using JSON Web Tokens, this particular method allows import of the keys (JWKS) for JWT policy by means of a URL (for a remote server or an identity provider) so they don't have to be copied and updated to the IC pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JWT policy configures NGINX Plus to authenticate client requests using JSON Web Tokens, allowing import of the keys (JWKS) for JWT policy by means of a URL (For a remote server or an identity provider).
```

Reviewer: More concise; the utility of the feature is self-evident and doesn't need to be explicitly stated.

> For example, the following policy will reject all requests that do not include a valid JWT in the HTTP header fetched from the identity provider:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example policy will reject all requests that do not include a valid JWT in the HTTP header fetched from the identity provider:
```

```yaml
jwt:
  realm: MyProductAPI
  token: $http_token
  jwksURI: <uri_to_remote_server_or_idp>
  keyCache: 1h
```

> > Note: The feature is implemented using the NGINX Plus directive [auth_jwt_key_request](http://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_auth_jwt_module.html#auth_jwt_key_request) under [ngx_http_auth_jwt_module](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_auth_jwt_module.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: This feature is implemented using the NGINX Plus directive [auth_jwt_key_request](http://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_auth_jwt_module.html#auth_jwt_key_request) under [ngx_http_auth_jwt_module](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_auth_jwt_module.html).
```

{{% table %}}
|Field | Description | Type | Required |
| ---| ---| ---| --- |
|``jwksURI`` | The remote URI where the request will be sent to retrieve JSON Web Key set| ``string`` | Yes |
|``keyCache`` | Enables the caching of keys that are obtained from the ``jwksURI`` and sets a valid time for expiration | ``string`` | Yes |
|``realm`` | The realm of the JWT. | ``string`` | Yes |
|``token`` | The token specifies a variable that contains the JSON Web Token. By default the JWT is passed in the ``Authorization`` header as a Bearer Token. JWT may be also passed as a cookie or a part of a query string, for example: ``$cookie_auth_token``. Accepted variables are ``$http_``, ``$arg_``, ``$cookie_``. | ``string`` | No |
{{% /table %}}

#### JWT Merging Behavior

> This behaviour is similar when using a local kubernates secret where a VirtualServer/VirtualServerRoute can reference multiple JWT policies. However, only one can be applied. Every subsequent reference will be ignored. For example, here we reference two policies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This behaviour is similar to a local Kubernetes secret where a VirtualServer/VirtualServerRoute can reference multiple JWT policies. However, only one can be applied: every subsequent reference will be ignored. For example, here we reference two policies:
```

Reviewer: Fixed typo, minor grammar improvement.
